Q: What is Wizardify?

A: Wizardify is a bold attempt to objectively find
once and for all a definite answer to the question
lingering in the consciousness of every single person: 

What is my innate Dungeons & Dragons - class?

Q: So how does it work then

A: First, you upload the image into the designated field,
after which our magical mystery-algorithm analyzes
your features and characteristics, and then makes
a highly educated estimate based on the picture
you provided.

After mere seconds of intuitive inspecting, you
will be answered which of the 12 classes resonates
with you the most.

However as we all know, people are very complex,
and so are character-classes and alignments.
As such, it can be quite hard to make a
100% accurate estimate of your true being,
and therefore our estimate might show an array of
a few different classes mostly resembling
your given characteristics.

If you wish to know more about your adventurous self,
we recommend a quick visit to the About - page
(or some other, more reliable source).

Q: Alright, so what am I to do with this information?

A: Should you feel indecisive about what you truly feel like,
our service provides a fun and easy way for you to set out your
character-creation for your next big adventure!

Q: And what if I disagree with the results?

A: Being varying degrees of nerds ourselves, we do feel your
infinite despair of wishing to be a paladin but turning out to be a bard.

However, given that the service we provide is free and possesses
absolutely zero risks for the user, we do not have a money-back guarantee,
for there is no money to give back.

We urge you not to take any of this too seriously,
and not letting our algorithm's judgement weigh too hard
on the scales of determining the class for your
next adventure.

If you have any questions or suggestions,
please hold on to your pitcforks
until we at least have a way to gather feedback.



Happy trails!

- ArkiLouhinta
